DOCS: building python wheels & managing NEURON Docker Image (#1469)
neuronsimulator/nrn: docs/install/python_wheels.md

## macOS wheels
Note that for macOS there is no docker image needed, but all required dependencies must exist.
In order to have the wheels working on multiple macOS target versions, special consideration must be made for MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET.

Taking Azure macOS wheels for example, `readline` has been manually built with `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET=10.9` and stored as secure file on Azure.
See [packaging/python/Dockerfile](../../packaging/python/Dockerfile) for readline build instructions.

## Launch the wheel building

### Linux
Once we've cloned and mounted NEURON inside Docker(c.f. `-v` option described previously), we can proceed with wheels building. 
There is a build script which loops over available pythons in the Docker image under `/opt/python`, and then builds and audits the generated wheels.
Wheels are generated under `/root/nrn/wheelhouse` and also accessible in the mounted NEURON folder from outside the Docker image.

```
cd /root/nrn
bash packaging/python/build_wheels.bash linux 
ls -la wheelhouse
```

You can build the wheel for a specific python version: 
```
bash packaging/python/build_wheels.bash linux 3.8
```

### macOS

> For OSX on a system with the all dependencies you have to clone NEURON repository and have to do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned above, for macOS all dependencies have to be available on a system. You have to then clone NEURON repository and execute:
```

```
cd nrn
bash packaging/python/build_wheels.bash osx
```

## Testing the wheels

To test the generated wheels, you can do:

```

> # first arg as python exe and second arg as a corresponding wheel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# first arg is a python exe and second arg is the corresponding wheel
```
